README.md, before:

# Ship

**Ship - faster with AI that codes with you**

Assign issues directly to Ship and let it autonomously write code, create pull requests, and respond to feedback in the background.

---

### Your code's favorite coding agents

From clearing your backlog to reviewing code, let Ship handle the busywork so you can focus on what's next.

From edits to pull requests, the world's best coding agents work beside you so nothing slows you down.

---

### AI for every step of your workflow

Ship works with you and for you to bring big ideas to life and push technology forward.

---

## Accelerate from idea to first commit

Turn ambitious projects into a functional codebase with AI that understands your intent.

### Build full-stack apps from natural language

Go from idea to deployed application using natural language with built-in AI, database, and authentication.

---

## Open Source Guides

Open source software is made by people just like you. Learn how to launch and grow your project.

### Security Best Practices for your Project
Strengthen your project's future by building trust through essential security practices — from MFA and code scanning to safe dependency management and private vulnerability reporting.

### Maintaining Balance for Open Source Maintainers
Tips for self-care and avoiding burnout as a maintainer.

### How to Contribute to Open Source
Want to contribute to open source? A guide to making open source contributions, for first-timers and veterans.

### Starting an Open Source Project
Learn more about the world of open source and get ready to launch your own project.

### Finding Users for Your Project
Help your open source project grow by getting it in the hands of happy users.

### Building Welcoming Communities
Building a community that encourages people to use, contribute to, and evangelize your project.

### Best Practices for Maintainers
Making your life easier as an open source maintainer, from documenting processes to leveraging your community.

### Leadership and Governance
Growing open source projects can benefit from formal rules for making decisions.

### Getting Paid for Open Source Work
Sustain your work in open source by getting financial support for your time or your project.

### Your Code of Conduct
Facilitate healthy and constructive community behavior by adopting and enforcing a code of conduct.

### Open Source Metrics
Make informed decisions to help your open source project thrive by measuring and tracking its success.

### The Legal Side of Open Source
Everything you've ever wondered about the legal side of open source, and a few things you didn't.

Commit message:

Add How to contribute section

README.md, after:

# Ship

**Ship - faster with AI that codes with you**

Assign issues directly to Ship and let it autonomously write code, create pull requests, and respond to feedback in the background.

---

### Your code's favorite coding agents

From clearing your backlog to reviewing code, let Ship handle the busywork so you can focus on what's next.

From edits to pull requests, the world's best coding agents work beside you so nothing slows you down.

---

### AI for every step of your workflow

Ship works with you and for you to bring big ideas to life and push technology forward.

---

## Accelerate from idea to first commit

Turn ambitious projects into a functional codebase with AI that understands your intent.

### Build full-stack apps from natural language

Go from idea to deployed application using natural language with built-in AI, database, and authentication.

---

## How to contribute

If you'd like to contribute, start by searching through the pull requests to see whether someone else has raised a similar idea or question.

If you don't see your idea listed, and you think it fits into the goals of this guide, open a pull request.

### 💡 Quick Tip for Beginners

- Always create a new branch for your changes.
- Write clear commit messages.
- Test your changes locally before submitting a PR.
- Follow the style guide.
- Be patient during reviews.

### Style guide

If you're writing content, see the style guide to help your prose match the rest of the guides.

---

## Open Source Guides

Open source software is made by people just like you. Learn how to launch and grow your project.

### Security Best Practices for your Project
Strengthen your project's future by building trust through essential security practices — from MFA and code scanning to safe dependency management and private vulnerability reporting.

### Maintaining Balance for Open Source Maintainers
Tips for self-care and avoiding burnout as a maintainer.

### How to Contribute to Open Source
Want to contribute to open source? A guide to making open source contributions, for first-timers and veterans.

### Starting an Open Source Project
Learn more about the world of open source and get ready to launch your own project.

### Finding Users for Your Project
Help your open source project grow by getting it in the hands of happy users.

### Building Welcoming Communities
Building a community that encourages people to use, contribute to, and evangelize your project.

### Best Practices for Maintainers
Making your life easier as an open source maintainer, from documenting processes to leveraging your community.

### Leadership and Governance
Growing open source projects can benefit from formal rules for making decisions.

### Getting Paid for Open Source Work
Sustain your work in open source by getting financial support for your time or your project.

### Your Code of Conduct
Facilitate healthy and constructive community behavior by adopting and enforcing a code of conduct.

### Open Source Metrics
Make informed decisions to help your open source project thrive by measuring and tracking its success.

### The Legal Side of Open Source
Everything you've ever wondered about the legal side of open source, and a few things you didn't.
